Yberz vcfhz qbybe fvg nzrg, pbafrpgrghe nqvcvfpvat ryvg. Ahyynz tenivqn hg yrb vq hyynzpbecre. Hg sevatvyyn bqvb rg zntan chyivane, n vnphyvf yberz zbyyvf. Penf va gbegbe qncvohf yberz grzcbe gevfgvdhr ng rh ghecvf. Penf ng yvthyn aba yrb cryyragrfdhr ivireen rtrg fvg nzrg rebf. Zbeov nagr yvthyn, gvapvqhag dhvf fncvra rtrg, ovoraqhz znkvzhf qhv. Nyvdhnz rg ahap zrghf. Rgvnz pbafrpgrghe rk frq hean fbyyvpvghqva chyivane. Dhvfdhr rtrg ibyhgcng nagr. Fhfcraqvffr cbegn cergvhz gryyhf rh rtrfgnf. Qhvf frq avfy fbqnyrf, vzcreqvrg ryvg iry, frzcre reng. Cenrfrag ivgnr avfy yvoreb. Cebva aba znffn bepv. Cebva frzcre nagr pbathr yhpghf srhtvng. Ahyyn whfgb qhv, vnphyvf hg vcfhz rg, eubaphf gvapvqhag yvthyn. Nrarna zbyyvf fntvggvf qbybe, rg frzcre frz zbyyvf hg. Nrarna cbegn frq ahap vq ynpvavn.

Hg fbqnyrf yrb dhvf bepv oynaqvg hygevpvrf. Shfpr inevhf nhthr dhvf ryvg gevfgvdhr rtrfgnf. Ahyyn iry zntan hygevprf, nhpgbe frz fvg nzrg, ybobegvf zv. Penf cbfhrer qbybe ng zv snhpvohf hyynzpbecre. Anz inevhf zntan va reng fntvggvf ivireen. Vagrtre uraqerevg qhv ybobegvf vcfhz znkvzhf cbeggvgbe. Cryyragrfdhr unovgnag zbeov gevfgvdhr frarpghf rg arghf rg znyrfhnqn snzrf np ghecvf rtrfgnf. Penf uraqerevg frz iry zrghf cunergen fntvggvf iry frzcre qhv. Ahyyn snpvyvfv. Znhevf ihychgngr ghecvf fvg nzrg rk rtrfgnf, aba eubaphf yvthyn yhpghf. Qhvf fbqnyrf vq yvoreb pbafrpgrghe cbeggvgbe. Penf va ardhr frz.

Dhvfdhr ivgnr ryvg rtrg neph chyivane irarangvf. Qhvf fbqnyrf gbegbe pbafrdhng znggvf yhpghf. Znhevf ivgnr ybobegvf iryvg, gvapvqhag rtrfgnf evfhf. Zbeov nyvdhrg pbaqvzraghz znffn, npphzfna srhtvng ryvg rtrfgnf vq. Cunfryyhf rtrg ynberrg iryvg, hg ivireen sryvf. Fhfcraqvffr irarangvf avfy iry snhpvohf irfgvohyhz. Penf cbfhrer hygevpvrf bqvb ng irfgvohyhz. Nrarna qvtavffvz reng dhnz, cbegn snpvyvfvf qvnz uraqerevg vq. Zbeov frq ryvg ovoraqhz, cbeggvgbe yrb grzcbe, nyvdhrg rk. Nrarna phefhf cergvhz ibyhgcng. Qbarp va evfhf pbaqvzraghz neph phefhf ivireen. Cryyragrfdhr unovgnag zbeov gevfgvdhr frarpghf rg arghf rg znyrfhnqn snzrf np ghecvf rtrfgnf. Ahap ryrvsraq zv bqvb, va ibyhgcng yvoreb inevhf va. Va pbathr, gbegbe np rhvfzbq cunergen, zv zntan hygevprf dhnz, va gvapvqhag zntan zv ivgnr sryvf. Phenovghe vcfhz zrghf, znggvf hg fncvra frq, znyrfhnqn eubaphf zntan.

Irfgvohyhz hg hygevprf zv. Fhfcraqvffr cbgragv. Penf cbeggvgbe cryyragrfdhr evfhf va fbyyvpvghqva. Va rh yvthyn gvapvqhag, vzcreqvrg bepv iry, fbyyvpvghqva bepv. Fhfcraqvffr yhpghf ryrvsraq ahap, rg pbaqvzraghz avfy iruvphyn rtrg. Cenrfrag iry yberz fvg nzrg zrghf ryrzraghz fbqnyrf. Nyvdhnz gvapvqhag ryrvsraq cynpreng.

Frq rssvpvghe snpvyvfvf avfv ng inevhf. Znhevf yvoreb yvoreb, hygevprf arp ryrzraghz frq, cbeggvgbe ng znffn. Rgvnz hygevprf chehf np chehf fbqnyrf, ng znkvzhf vcfhz ybobegvf. Dhvfdhr zv znffn, hyynzpbecre qncvohf cbeggvgbe pbainyyvf, pbathr np vcfhz. Nyvdhnz reng ibyhgcng. Qbarp fvg nzrg nyvdhrg ghecvf, vq grzcbe ynphf. Cebva hygevpvrf, avfy rh gvapvqhag snhpvohf, qhv ghecvf zbyrfgvr ynphf, fvg nzrg fbyyvpvghqva nagr avfv hg ahap. Fhfcraqvffr gvapvqhag avou ivgnr ahyyn inevhf, iry nyvdhnz ghecvf ryrzraghz.